Google OpenRTB Libraries
----------------------------------------------------------------------

This library supports the OpenRTB specification, providing
bindings for all protobuf-supported languages, and additional
support for Java such as JSON serialization and validation.

See our [wiki](https://github.com/google/openrtb/wiki) to get started!
Use the Github issue tracker for bugs, RFEs for any support.


BUILDING NOTES
----------------------------------------------------------------------

You need: JDK 7, Maven 3.2, Protocol buffers (protoc) 2.6.1.
Building is supported from the command line with Maven and
from any IDE that can load Maven projects.

On Eclipse, the latest m2e is recommended but it can't run the code
generation step, so you need to run a "mvn install" from the command
line after checkout or after any mvn clean.


RELEASE NOTES
----------------------------------------------------------------------

## Version 0.8.0-beta4, 02-04-2015

* Test coverage reviews.

## Version 0.8.0-beta3, 31-03-2015

* Logging updates, mostly avoiding multiline logs (bad for syslog).

## Version 0.8.0-beta2, 13-03-2015

* Removed error-prone from build, new version had some issues too.

## Version 0.8.0-beta, 20-02-2015

* Support for Native Ads completed!
* Improvements in JSON support, esp. better compatibility with
  some OpenRTB-native exchanges and with OpenRTB 2.2
  (thanks to github.com/matzi11a & Sojern).
* `(App/Site/User/Content).keywords` are now arrays in the model.
  They still map to a single, CSV-format string in the JSON.
* The macro `${AUCTION_PRICE}` is not anymore translated to the
  bid price; this was a bug, this macro will proceed untouched
  (OpenRTB-native exchanges are supposed to expand it).
* Updated to latest error-prone; now Maven build works with JDK 8!

## Version 0.7.3, 02-12-2014

* Partial support for OpenRTB 2.3! The missing item is Native ads,
  which depends on the OpenRTB Native 1.0 spec (proposed final draft
  at this time). This support will come in a future update.
* Breaking change: The `Flags` enum was replaced by simple booleans.
* Breaking change: Renamed `DirectDeal` to just `Deal` (to better match
  the spec, although object names are not really standardized).
* New fields added (OpenRTB 2.3):
  - `BidRequest.test`
  - `Site.mobile`
  - `Device`: `w`, `h`, `pxratio`, `ppi`, `hwv`, `lmt`
  - `Bid`: `cat`, `bundle`
  - `Geo.utcoffset`
* Other fields added (missing from OpenRTB 2.2):
  - `Device`: `ifa`, `macsha1`, `macmd5`
  - `Impression`: `secure`
  - `Video`: `protocols` (the field `protocol` was deprecated; in the API
    it's renamed `deprecated_protocol`, JSON will be compatible)
  - `BidResponse`: `nbr`

## Version 0.7.2, 29-10-2014

* Updated to Protocol Buffers 2.6.1 (bugfix, doesn't require rebuilds).

## Version 0.7.1, 20-10-2014

* Updated to Protocol Buffers 2.6.0. Full rebuild recommended, the
  code generated by protoc 2.6.0 is NOT 100% compatible with 2.5.0.

## Version 0.7.0, 16-10-2014

* `OpenRtbUtils.filterBids()` now uses `Bid.Builder` instead of `Bid`.

## Version 0.6.6, 14-10-2014

* Javadocs for thead safety.
* Update Guava and Jackson libraries.

## Version 0.6.5, 18-08-2014

* `OpenRtbMapper` interface improved, supports all possible mappings.
* `ProtoUtils.filter()` optimized, benefits `OpenRtbUtils.filterBids()`.

## Version 0.6.4, 10-08-2014

* `OpenRtbJson` API review and javadocs.
* `OpenRtbValidator` reviews, improved logging.

## Version 0.6.3, 02-08-2014

* Fix floating-point fields to double precision.

## Version 0.6.2, 25-07-2014

* Remove dependencies jackson-databind, jackson-annotations.

## Version 0.6.1, 15-07-2014

* Build system improvements (Maven, Eclipse, NetBeans).

## Version 0.6, 10-07-2014

* Initial Open Source release.
